Doc: Remove eos_config_deploy_cvp from examples (#5868)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/examples/single-dc-l3ls/README.md

--8<--
```

> 1. `Fabric`

Reviewer: so here given that you reference the name `FABRIC` in the inventory, should you not keep the full uppercase?

Or maybe you can just remove it and keep the next two lines as bullets?

--8<--
```

> 1. At the highest level, the name and scope of the playbook are set, which in this example is `FABRIC`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. At the highest level, the name and scope of the playbook are set to `FABRIC`. In this example `FABRIC` is the top level inventory group name, that contains all devices listed in the inventory.
```

Reviewer: thats too confusing and technically incorrect as it reads like the name of the playbook is set to `FABRIC`. I would vote to move the 1. to the line that says `hosts` and just say these are the targeted hosts from the inventory.

People can figure out what `name` does on their own this is not an Ansible 101 example

Author: This is the description we have for deploy_eapi `playbook`
```At the highest level, the name and scope of the playbook are set, which in this example is the entire fabric. For instance, FABRIC is a group name defined in the inventory. If the playbook should only apply to a subset of devices, it can be changed here.```

I think we can reuse the same description
